Theme: Akustic effect of groving corps

1. Background:

customer:AI developers, Specialist botanics, Farmers
goal: Be able interpretate grows dinamics by sound.
pains: The need for the presence of a expensive apparates to perform these tasks, and, as a result, huge time costs.
gains: Automation of the process and, as a result, the ability to reduce labor costs and predict grows.

2. Value proposition:

product: An AI that will perform this task, and an visual application to makes it easier to work with AI.
alleviates: Automation of the process.
advantages: Automation of the process and, as a result, the ability to reduce labor costs and predict grows

3. Objectives:

* Sound recognition accuracy.
* Determination of a sufficient spectrum of akustic effects, without too deep analysis.
* Program performance
* Collecting a suitable database
* Multilingual and multiplatform

4. Solution:

core features: ML service that will predict correct grows temps; User feedback process for incorrectly classified content.
integrations: Categorized content will be sent to the UI service to be displayed.
alternatives: 
constraints: Probably low accuracy of recognition.
out-of-scope:

5. Feasibility:

Lack of datasets for any manipulations

6. Data:

training: nothing
production: Data provided by customers.

7. Evaluation:

Offline evaluation: We will take some of the data from the dataset to evaluate the performance of the model.
Online evaluation: Allow users to report misclassified content by our model.

8. Modeling: 

Use : nothing

9. Feedback: 

Allow users to report misclassified content by our model.

10. Team: 

product: Product managers, Executives

system design:

Data collectors: Collect the necessary data and label it. 
Machine learner: Develops the ML model.
Designer: Designs UX/UI for the application.
Programmer: Develops the application.
Testers: Test the application before release.

project: Team leader, Project manager

11. Deliverables:

Objective			     Priority	Release		Status
Create aalgorithm  of growing corps  High            v0 


Deliverable	Contributors	   Dependencies		Acceptance criteria	Status		Timelines

Labeled         Data collectors,   Unlabeled data       Valid dataset           In-progress     ? weeks
dataset for     labeling team
training

Trained model   Machine Learner    Labeled dataset      Evoluation results      In-progress     ? week

Design of
the application Designer           Information about    Modern comfortable      In-progress     ? week
                                   the project          design

Application     Programmer,        UX/UI design         Working application     In-progress     ? week
		Machine learner

Testing         Testers            Application          Positive ratings        In-progress     ? week
							and a minimum 
							number of bugs

Production      Product managers,  Tested application   Release of the		In-progress     ? weeks
		Advertisers				application to
							production
