Theme: Emotional Speech Recognition 

1. Background:

customer: Speakers, AI developers, Actors, Business analysts
goal: Be able to understand human emotions based on voice.
pains: The need for the presence of a person to perform these tasks, and, as a result, huge time costs.
gains: Automation of the process and, as a result, the ability to reduce labor costs and time to complete the task.

2. Value proposition:

product: An AI that will perform this task, and an visual application to makes it easier to work with AI.
alleviates: Automation of the process.
advantages: Automation of the process and, as a result, the ability to reduce labor costs and time to complete the task.

3. Objectives:

* Emotion recognition accuracy.
* Determination of a sufficient spectrum of emotions, without too deep analysis.
* Program performance
* Collecting a suitable database
* Multilingual and multiplatform

4. Solution:

core features: ML service that will recognize correct emotion of speaker; User feedback process for incorrectly classified content.
integrations: Categorized content will be sent to the UI service to be displayed.
alternatives: 
constraints: Probably low accuracy of recognition.
out-of-scope:

5. Feasibility:

Lack of datasets for multilingualism.

6. Data:

training: Datasets, from https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/uwrfkaggler/ravdess-emotional-speech-audio.
production: Data provided by customers.

7. Evaluation:

Offline evaluation: We will take some of the data from the dataset to evaluate the performance of the model.
Online evaluation: Allow users to report misclassified content by our model.

8. Modeling: 

Use some model from https://paperswithcode.com/task/speech-emotion-recognition.

9. Feedback: 

Allow users to report misclassified content by our model.

10. Team: 

product: Product managers, Executives

system design:

Data collectors: Collect the necessary data and label it. 
Machine learner: Develops the ML model.
Designer: Designs UX/UI for the application.
Programmer: Develops the application.
Testers: Test the application before release.

project: Team leader, Project manager

11. Deliverables:

Objective			Priority	Release		Status
Create an English emotion       High            v1 
recognition algorithm and 
application for easy access.

Deliverable	Contributors	   Dependencies		Acceptance criteria	Status		Timelines

Labeled         Data collectors,   Unlabeled data       Valid dataset           In-progress     2 weeks
dataset for     labeling team
training

Trained model   Machine Learner    Labeled dataset      Evoluation results      In-progress     1 week

Design of
the application Designer           Information about    Modern comfortable      In-progress     1 week
                                   the project          design

Application     Programmer,        UX/UI design         Working application     In-progress     1.5 week
		Machine learner

Testing         Testers            Application          Positive ratings        In-progress     1 week
							and a minimum 
							number of bugs

Production      Product managers,  Tested application   Release of the		In-progress     2 weeks
		Advertisers				application to
							production
